 Users and guests must agree to abide by all of the rules and guidelines presented. The server has built-in violation detection and can issue punishments, without human interaction.

 Users must register with a unique email address and unique username. Only 1 account should be created, per person. The server can ban multiple accounts.

 Users are not allowed to engage in any activity that involves harassment, bullying or hate. No more should need to be said. The server will ban any activity involving the afore mentioned actions. No content may be created to harass, bully or engage in hate.

 Users must note that the server can send information to law enforcement, if necessary, to protect minors, to protect women and to protect minorities. Any illegal activity can, and probably will, be reported by the server to any applicable law enforcement agencies. You have been warned. I will always comply with a subpoena for server-side records, to aid in an investigation.

 Anyone found out to be doxing other users will get device banned, as well as reported to authorities. Posting others' personal information is not allowed, under any circumstances. The only information allowed to be shared, is any information a user has posted to their profile. Profiles are public information. There are no hidden or secret profiles. There are no private profiles. All profile information can be seen by anyone.

 It is up to parents and legal guardians to make sure that any minor children do not have access to any adult rated content. Some creators may have adult content. I absolutely will ban anyone who complains about someone else's content that their minor child has seen. This platform has content for minors and content for adults. In separate sections. Minors are not allowed to interact with adult content. It is the responsibility of the parent or legal guardian to monitor what content their minor children access.

 Trolling, satire and similar content is allowed, within reason, and should be labeled as such. Please stay on-topic in discussions and debates. If you try to use what-about-isms, you will get a device ban. If you try to deflect, or spread misinformation and disinformation, you will get a device ban. If you cannot cite sources for your arguments, you will get a device ban. Satire, trolling and memes have space for them and are to be labeled as such.

 Any adult that creates an account meant to access any content created by minors, will get reported immediately to law enforcement. Including the FBI. Any and all log data will be turned over immediately to law enforcement. Predatory activity will not be tolerated here. 